hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing another study with me and this
one is a study with me after school on
Tuesday edition so I started off by just
lighting some candles and also spraying
this winter spruce room spray which
smells so great because it was snowing
outside so the first thing I did was
check over an RSS a which have recently
been marked however I was very silly and
I didn't actually charge my camera
before her and so I did this for about
half an hour but you don't see any of
that so I'm really sorry nonetheless
here you can see me doing a chemistry
paper
this was actually homework and I decided
to do it by candle light because it just
felt so Hogwart in especially in light
of the unseasonable snowfall and
incidentally I was also actually
listening to the Harry Potter soundtrack
at the same time
you
[Music]
and then seeing as I didn't have a copy
of a data sheet by hand I got it up on
my computer so that I could do the NMR
question so when I'd finished with that
which probably took me about an hour and
a half to two hours I decided to write
an RSS a plan and if you've been
watching my videos for a while you will
know that this is something that I do
fairly frequently
it's a really quick way to determine how
much of the course you know and I would
really recommend it for Humanity
subjects where there's a lot of content
to learn and you also need to put it in
an essay structure because you can
practice your knowledge but you can also
test yourself on how well you can apply
it to a certain issue or question
[Music]
so when I was finished with that I went
through my notes and I looked at the
things which I couldn't remember when I
was writing the essay plan so I do Yeti
pants all without notes and then the
bits that I didn't recall I will write
down on this mind map which I am making
[Music]
and then after that I will add these
little facts that I didn't call
correctly to a Quizlet and this is
something that I can't ask myself on and
I make sure that I'm only testing myself
on the things that I really don't know
so thank you so much for watching I hope
that you enjoyed and have a productive
week